Master Tang
Hahaha
Miss Shi, I'm sorry.
The old man has already negotiated a cooperative relationship with the young master
If Master Shi becomes the head of the teacher's family
Our Tang family can be one step ahead
Mr. Xue Tian, you actually joined forces with outsiders
You are malicious competition
Host, I disagree.
This time the family of contempt has not set rules
There is no cheating in the world
Sister, you have to know that you just want to be the head of the family
Just having money is not enough
Pay off debt
Hahahahaha
60 million a billion
One hundred million.
One hundred million times
It's a deal!
Congratulations to Mr. Tang for obtaining the Spring and Autumn Mountains and Rivers Map
Mom, it's over
Don't worry, Miss Shen
The auction isn't over yet
What's the use of not ending
Most of the filming today
It was all taken by the history film
The Spring and Autumn Mountains and Rivers were photographed by the Tang family again
Don't worry.
Miss Shi, I will definitely recognize this auction
Host, this auction isn't over yet, is it?
There is one last piece in this auction
This last collection
Originating from Ming Dynasty official kiln blue and white porcelain
Starting price 500,000
Here it is.